Add documentation for checkout flow and payment method integrations (#2246)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/block-client-apis/checkout/checkout-api.md

You can find type definitions (`typedef`) for contexts in [this file](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/blob/master/assets/js/type-defs/contexts.js).

#### Notices Context

This system essentially does three things:

- Contains and maintains a data store for keeping track of notices (using `@wordpress/notices` internally).
- Optionally automatically outputs a notice container and outputs notices to that container for display when they are created.
- Exposes (via the `useStoreNotices`) hook an api for getting and setting notices.

This system is exposed on components by wrapping them in a `<StoreNoticesProvider>` component.  Currently the checkout block implements `<StoreNoticesProvider>` in three areas of the checkout block:

- The entire block (identified by the `wc/checkout` context value).
- The express payments areas (using the `wc/express-payment-area` context value)
- The payment methods area (using the `wc/payment-area` context value).

#### Billing Data Context

The billing data context exposes the api interfaces for the following things via the `useBillingDataContext` hook:

> - `billingData`: The currently set billing data.

Author: Ya I think I'm going to continue working on this doc after merging. The definitions are in typedefs that I've linked to elsewhere for now. I just want to get things published so folks can start using the docs as a reference (to complement the code and type-defs) in the meantime.

- `onCheckoutAfterProcessingWithError`: Used to register observers that will be invoked after checkout has been processed by the server and there was an error.
- `onCheckoutBeforeProcessing`: Used to register observers that will be invoked after the checkout has been submitted but before the processing request is sent to the server.
- `dispatchActions`: This is an object with various functions for dispatching status in the checkout. It is not exposed to extensions but is for internal use only.
- `orderId`: The order id for the order attached to the current checkout.
- `isCart`: This is true if the cart is being viewed. Note: usage of `CheckoutProvider` will automatically set this to false. There is also a `CartProvider` that wraps children in the `ShippingDataProvider` and exposes the same api as checkout context. The `CartProvider` automatically sets `isCart` to true. This allows components that implement `useCheckoutContext` to use the same api in either the cart or checkout context but still have specific behaviour to whether `isCart` is true or not.
- `hasOrder`: This is true when orderId is truthy.

> - `customerId`: The id of the customer if it's been created yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `customerId`: The ID of the customer if the customer has an account, or `0` for guests.
```

## Hooks

> I'm not going to go into detail for all the hooks as that is fairly straightforward from existing implementations. However I do want to highlight an important extension interface hook, `usePaymentMethodInterface`.

Reviewer: Docs shouldn't be in 1st person.

Author: Oops ya this is a copy/paste artifact from the pull description I copied from. I'll fix that in other places too.
